Welcome to our Forensic CS TimeStamp Project

Although our original plan was to create a browser-based application using HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript, we ran into some issues. One major issue was having
a server running with a SQL database to store the timestamps and interpret the 
JavaScript. It was unfeasable to ship a full LAMP stack with the application,
so we decided to switch to a more lightweight option. By using Python, we were
able to quickly create a functional application.

Team Members:

Adam Weis
Darren Lane
Kiraz Baysal
#Tim Bach

To run this program, you need an installation of Python on your system. In 
addition, the program is only compatable with Linux and Mac systems.

Mac Systems:

On Mac systems, please make sure that Python 2.7.1 is installed. You can do 
this by running python --version in the Terminal and checking the version 
number. Once this is installed, install Xcode 4.3.2 from the Mac App Store. 
After the install, make sure you launch Xcode at least once to complete setup.

After Xcode is installed, run the install_superpack.sh (located in the same 
directory as this README) in the Terminal. This will install the necessary 
python modules for running the application. At the prompt, enter no. You may be
asked for your administrative password. Enter it.

When the script completes, you will be ready to run the timestamp analyzer.

Linux Systems:

Please make sure that python, python-tk, python-matplotlib, python-numpy, 
sqlite3, and python-sqlite are all installed. If running Ubuntu, these can be 
installed via apt-get install


Once the system is set up on you respective environment, run the application by
entering python python/ts_analyzer.py in the terminal. You may be prompted to 
enter your administrative password. This is to allow the application to mount 
the image to analyze to your disk. Once you see the GUI, click the "Browse" 
button and select the image to analyze. Once the "Done" button appears, click 
it to launch the graph. The view the graph displays can be customized using the
various named buttons beneath it.
